hi so for those of you who are high on
the me2 movement being about mutilating
men who have hurt you and getting them
back this is your movie I just liked it
because it had some of the sickest sound
design of the year they brought out the
big 64 Peck Crayola box to show off
these colors and make him pop and I
would give it a jr. price just for how
crazy the movie gets let me explain so
the girl from ranks finally gets a
better role and even though it's about
her being the side chick for a rich dude
but it's a lot better than what she had
in that movie to me she's kind of like
the new Jessica Alba and she's got all
the guys acting extra thirsty since
they're vacating in the desert
everything seems to be fun and games
until creeper mud creeper pans the sites
to channel his inner Weinstein scumbag
let this be a reminder for some of you
out there who don't realize that not all
females are slim Jimmy's they actually
do have a type and chances are it ain't
you crazy thing is that when the husband
comes back and has to deal with the
scenario right the boyfriend who's on
the side he practically tells her to
forgive and forget
as if this dude accidentally slipped and
landed inside of her she brings up his
wife and he plays the card hey don't you
dare disrespect my wife whom I'm already
disrespecting by cheating on her he then
decides that the best way to fix this
problem because his buddy decided a
rapist I check is by move fasting her
off a cliff and leaving her to die what
these hunters least expect though is
that be it the ants be it the Apple she
bit earlier or whatever mystic powers
the me to boom in itself can give you
this girl comes back to life Walter
White's herself off this tree and starts
hunting these dudes down for revenge
first when she takes out is the fat one
who looks like a Remy's friend from
ratatouille
he tries waterboarding her but then she
jacks his knife and first Bloods him
this chick is so walking around with the
tree it's got a little baby group coming
out of her bellybutton
so there's this trippy scene where she
decides to take a psychedelic literally
starts hearing the score of the movie
and straight-up carves out this massive
splinter and she uses a beer can to
solder eyes it why the lettering is
reversed I don't know is the movie where
she already defied death she then goes
after French Harvey and American snipers
his shoulder he then Barry peppers off
her ear and then in the most disgusting
scene of the year and I've seen that
stormy Daniels tape we get this dude
stepping on some glass after he took off
his sock to use it as a sling and
you know the pain of stepping on a lego
then this scene would be your biggest
fear as this man plays operation with
his foot man even Tarantino would quiver
at that she ends up giving him the head
that he wanted except it's with a bullet
and sets off to kill the main dude with
the final boss battle now in case you
have a problem with her fighting like
Laura Croft in a bikini know that at
least the dude at the end lets his nuts
hang like Takashi so I know it's kind of
it's kind of even they start pulling a
scooby-doo around this house since
they're chasing each other in circles
and like I said the sound design is so
good that there's a certain point when
they're on opposite ends but they can't
tell whether one is coming from the
right or the left because of the way the
hallways are laid out it's a pretty dope
scene where I was only questioning at
one point at a certain point where the
guy is just waiting around the corner
for her and she notices the blood puddle
and for whatever reason she didn't do
the ducking nut like just pull the
capper to take a knee and boom right
into the testes for the W she knows
eventually get him when they're battling
out in the back because women and she
gets to live another day proving once
and for all that the only way to bring
peace to this world is to kill all men
wait thank you guys for checking out
this video like I said I definitely
recommend this movie I thought you know
logically it's not like there's crazy
stuff happening she already defied death
you know she freaking jeonse noted so
there are points where it's like you
don't really feel like steaks for her
but nonetheless I still thought it was a
very well-done movie with the colors
with the sound design I definitely think
it's worth watching
so yeah let me know your thoughts on it
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a coupon to shop club USA